---
title: "Notes for week ending: 27/02/2022"
date: 2022-02-27
---

A fairly normal week until Russia invaded Ukraine on Tuesday. I could drive to Ukraine in a couple of days. It feels close to home. 

The start of it all was a bit weird. If France rolled some tanks through the channel tunnel and drove them through Dover, would that be an invasion? It seems like a simple answer -- but what if it’s not an invasion? It might just be _an incursion_ or even a ‘limited military exercise’. Journalists and politicians puzzled over this question while tanks rolled across the border into eastern Ukraine on Tuesday morning. By afternoon, most concluded that it IS an invasion. Logical reasoning has returned, as has war in Europe.

The twenty-first century has been a colossal disappointment so far.

Anyway, anything that I have to say about _my week_ seems pretty trivial now.

With that said:

I’ve been on leave from work this week. I’d love to tell you I’ve been productive in my spare time, but I’ve done nothing useful at all.

I continue in my efforts to reduce the complexity and cost of my technology / software ‘stack’. I have:

* Made a list of devices to flog on eBay (it’s long)

* Cancelled my subscriptions to:

    * **1Password** > [Secrets](https://outercorner.com/secrets-ios/). It’s a one-off purchase instead of subscription (£18 vs £32 per year).

    * **Day One** > [Diarly](https://diarly.app). Still subscription, but it’s cheaper (£18 vs £33). It imported all my Day One entries and media without complaint. Stupid name, though.

    * **Newsblur** > NetNewsWire & iCloud sync

    * **Craft** > Apple Notes. Craft is lovely, and backlinks are cool, but I spend more time making them than using them.

The only one of those that I experienced any hesitation with was Newsblur. I lose access to article filters and cross-platform access by cutting out the web service - but gain $40 a year. You win some; you lose some.

I’m on the fence about Apple Music, TV and Arcade, which come bundled with my Apple One subscription. It’s good value for money - or would be if I used it all. It’s shared with my family, though, and they suffer too often because of my technology whims.

Amazon Prime is probably for the chop too. I’ve never done the maths, but I doubt I make my money back with the free deliveries.

-----

We were warned earlier in the year that the cost of our energy will rise by 54%. The energy market is a mess all over Europe, so it's not just us, but Britain is acutely affected because we rely on natural gas for heating our homes and generating electricity. Anyway, our bill has gone up to £250 a month, which feels... unreasonable. Good job I cancelled all those subscriptions.

-----

I have done DIY this week! Last year, I broke the casing of the rear nearside light on my car by dropping a petrol pump on it. It passed the annual safety check, so not a big deal, but it is now full of water. Should bulbs work while submerged in water? I’m not super-expert on electricity, but it feels like the answer should be No. It does though. I drilled a small hole in the lens to release the water and prolong the time until I have to repair it properly. One of my neighbours is a mechanic, and I really hope he didn't see me do it.

-----

#### Watched:

Finished watching season one of The Morning Show. I doubt that we’ll watch season two.

Watched a couple of episodes of Teen First Dates, because I like trash TV now and it’s marvellous medicine for everything that is going on.

#### Reading:

Very much enjoyed Mick Heron’s ‘Slow Horses' and am now reading ‘Disrupted’, by Dan Lyons.

I think that’s it. Hug your loved ones. Practice self-care. Try not to read the news.