---
title: "Notes for week ending: 06/03/2022"
date: "2022-03-06"
---

Another week gone; another week closer to the dark, gentle embrace of death. Or, depending on your outlook, a week closer to Christmas.

A group of Blackbirds have moved into the tall conifers at the back of our garden, and now we awake to the sound of them chattering away. How do they have so much energy in the morning? The two large trees in neighbouring gardens, each being fifteen to twenty meters tall, one slightly smaller than the other, are home to just a small number of hardy wood pigeon in winter, but in spring and summer they become alive with bird life. It's fascinating to watch. None have moved in yet, but they won't be far away. 

The small shrubs in our garden are budding, and a few brave trees out on the street have blossomed. Soon the estate will fill with the sounds of birdsong, children playing in gardens, drunken fighting & happy hardcore blasting out until the early hours. I can't wait. Spring is nearly here.

My wife celebrated another decade this week, and we had a small party with friends and loved ones. It was a lot of fun, and I got to see some people that I haven't seen for a long time. Otherwise, apart from work, the week has been whole lot of nothing.

### Watching

[Motherland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motherland_(TV_series)): I've lost count of the number of times that we've said: *Heck, that's us.*

### Quick Links

[Suddenly, they were not tiny little plates of food for big prices. They were experiences, knowledge and expertise, presented in such a way that I could have flown if I wasn't anchored to the restaurant floor by a crisp table topped with stacks of cutlery.](https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/whats-on/food-drink-news/im-common-muck-spent-150-23194880) - Kirsty Bosley, from BirminghamLive, has a _really_ good time at a fancy restaurant.

[“Many liberals have spent two years thinking of COVID mitigations as responsible, necessary, even patriotic. This attitude has become part of their identity,” Leonhardt told me. This was a good thing earlier in the pandemic, leading to high vaccine uptake, masking, and compliance with social distancing and lockdowns. But thanks to vaccination and the cresting Omicron variant, the costs of liberal caution — he cites “mental-health problems, anger, frustration, isolation, drug overdoses, vehicle crashes, violent crime, learning loss, student misbehavior” — have begun to outweigh the benefits. Leonhardt, who has described his journalistic colleagues as having a “bad-news bias,” sees his role as being an implicit corrective to some of the more alarmist coverage showing up elsewhere in traditional media and even in the _Times_ itself.](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2022/02/david-leonhardt-the-pandemic-interpreter.html)  - Up to now,  narratives against covid restrictions have almost exclusively been voiced by vaccine sceptics and covid deniers, and so those that are sympathetic to restrictions dig in deeper - but perhaps we've reached the point where that makes little sense anymore. Behaviour change is hard.

[I was adamant that the butter wouldn’t live in the “pantry”, it’s disgusting. But when I put the butter in the fridge, the next day I’d discover that Stewart had moved it back into the cupboard. It’s now an ongoing battle, with the butter moved back and forth between the two locations. I do most of the cooking in the house, so I feel I should have the final say.](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2022/feb/25/you-be-the-judge-is-it-ok-for-my-boyfriend-to-keep-butter-in-the-cupboard) - A very trivial argument about butter storage in The Guardian. (she's wrong, btw)

[This is Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser, an expensive experiment in what one might call immersive lodging. It is equal parts luxury hotel, interactive theater, theme park ride, food as entertainment, digital scavenger hunt and role-playing game.](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/25/business/disney-star-wars-galactic-starcruiser.html) - Very cool, but $6000 for two nights (family of four) seems... excessive.

[In 2009, mechanical engineer Donald Scruggs received a [patent](https://patents.google.com/patent/US7631404B2/) for a hermetically sealed coffin that is screwed into the ground.](https://kottke.org/22/03/the-inventor-of-the-screw-in-coffin) - This makes so much sense. Cemeteries take up a huge amount of space, and they [are an environmental nightmare](https://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/handle/10665/108132/EUR_ICP_EHNA_01_04_01(A).pdf;sequence=1). Via Kottke.

That's all I've got. Have a good week.


