---
title: "Notes for week ending: 13/03/2022"
date: "2022-03-13"
---

My self-imposed digital hygiene intervention continues. So far, I have simplified my home network architecture, and reduced my software subscriptions by half - so more money in my pocket, less time wondering where stuff is and more time to play with. Digital goods & services have a way of accumulating without notice. They don’t take up physical space in your house, but they take up time and space in your head. I feel better for cutting out some of the digital clutter.

I’m relatively happy with most of the software choices that I made a few weeks back, with the exception of Apple Notes and Diarly which have been swapped out in favour of Obsidian.

This week I spent some time looking at inputs. Most stuff comes to me through RSS. At the beginning of this week I was subscribed to 208 feeds - a mixture of personal blogs, twitter feeds, subreddits and current affairs type stuff. I reckon I read 50% of what comes in on any day, but it’s still _a lot_. Since I’m too indecisive to cull the feeds individually, I exported a backup of my feeds and nuked them all. Then I opened the backup and scanned over it Marie Kondo fashion. Today, I am subscribed to just 22 feeds.

My next project, which probably won’t happen over the next week, is to trim back the weeds on this website. A blog, for me, expresses independence. It’s staking a flag on a tiny little digital island, and I set the rules. There’s no rule that says that a blog must have a chronological archive, an about page & different sections, but we all follow that formula anyway. I’ve resisted that, to an extent, by limiting my archives to a year, but the more I think about it, the less inclined I am to have any archives at all. It’s not about the size - I’ve never been a purist about the size of style sheets, JavaScript, or keeping images below 50kb, or whatever the absolutists say is offensive to their browser today - it’s resisting sprawl. Every time that I add a section, or a page, it’s like adding an room to a house; a good idea at first glance, but you’ve got to heat it, decorate it, clean up every once in a while. I don’t know. I’m still thinking it through.

---

I bought a load of camping equipment in the sales at the end of summer last year, with the goal of restarting a wild-camping hobby that has been on hiatus for almost a decade. I have a week of annual leave to take the week after next, which is as good a time as any to put the new tent and sleeping equipment through its paces. I just need a bag, and a plan.

---

That’s it. Have an enjoyable week.


